docs/index.md, before:

---
layout: home

hero:
  name: "Gemini MCP Tool"
  text: "Connect the Gemini CLI to the MCP Ecosystem"
  tagline: "Leverage Google's Gemini models in any client that supports the standardized MCP protocol—<span style='color: #FFFFFF; background-color: #D97706; padding: 2px 8px; border-radius: 6px; font-size: 14px; font-weight: 600; margin-left: 4px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;'>built for Claude Code</span>"
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Get Started
      link: /getting-started
    - theme: alt
      text: Leave a Star ⭐
      link: https://github.com/jamubc/gemini-mcp-tool

features:
  - icon: 📂
    title: Natural File Editing
    details: |
      <span class="diff-line diff-delete">@filename integration lets you</span><br>
      <span class="diff-line diff-add">decide where the focus is.</span>
  - icon: 🌱
    title: Native Integrations
    details: We dont re-invent the wheel.
  - icon: 🤝
    title: Claude's new best friend
    details: Let Claude use Gemini naturally, because 3 is a party. 
  - icon: 🔌
    title: MCP Standards
    details: |
      <span style="color: #3b82f6;">Built on MCP protocol.</span><br><span style="color: #ef4444;">Tested with MCP standard.</span><br><span style="color: #22c55e;"><em>Benchmarked</em> with <span style="color: #f97316;">Claude Code</span>.</span>
  - icon: 🔐
    title: No keys!
    details: Gemini-mcp-tool does not require any extra keys.
  - icon: 🚦
    title: Model Selection
    details: Choose from Gemini-2.5-Pro and Gemini-2.5-Flash, using natural language.
---

<div class="explore-hint" style="text-align: center; margin: 32px 0 48px; position: relative;">
  <div class="explore-dots" style="display: inline-flex; align-items: center; gap: 4px;">
    <span class="dot" style="font-size: 11px; letter-spacing: 0.5px; color: var(--vp-c-text-3); opacity: 0.8; transition: all 0.3s ease;">•</span>
    <span class="dot" style="font-size: 11px; letter-spacing: 0.5px; color: var(--vp-c-text-3); opacity: 0.8; transition: all 0.3s ease; transition-delay: 0.1s;">•</span>
    <span class="dot" style="font-size: 11px; letter-spacing: 0.5px; color: var(--vp-c-text-3); opacity: 0.8; transition: all 0.3s ease; transition-delay: 0.2s;">•</span>
  </div>
  <p class="explore-text" style="font-size: 13px; color: var(--vp-c-text-3); margin-top: 8px; opacity: 0.7; transition: all 0.3s ease;">
    And much more to explore
  </p>
</div>

<div style="margin-top: 48px;">

## Quick Start
</div>

For installation and setup instructions, please refer to our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/jamubc/gemini-mcp-tool#readme) which contains the most up-to-date installation guide.

Commit message:

docs: update documentation to emphasize Qwen Code programming capabilities

docs/index.md, after:

---
layout: home

hero:
  name: "Qwen MCP Tool"
  text: "Connect Qwen Code to the MCP Ecosystem"
  tagline: "Leverage Alibaba's Qwen models in any client that supports the standardized MCP protocol—<span style='color: #FFFFFF; background-color: #D97706; padding: 2px 8px; border-radius: 6px; font-size: 14px; font-weight: 600; margin-left: 4px; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;'>built for Claude Code</span>"
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Get Started
      link: /getting-started
    - theme: alt
      text: Leave a Star ⭐
      link: https://github.com/jamubc/qwen-mcp-tool

features:
  - icon: 📂
    title: Natural File Editing
    details: |
      <span class="diff-line diff-delete">@filename integration lets you</span><br>
      <span class="diff-line diff-add">decide where the focus is.</span>
  - icon: 🌱
    title: Native Integrations
    details: We dont re-invent the wheel.
  - icon: 🤝
    title: Claude's new best friend
    details: Let Claude use Qwen naturally, because 3 is a party. 
  - icon: 🔌
    title: MCP Standards
    details: |
      <span style="color: #3b82f6;">Built on MCP protocol.</span><br><span style="color: #ef4444;">Tested with MCP standard.</span><br><span style="color: #22c55e;"><em>Benchmarked</em> with <span style="color: #f97316;">Claude Code</span>.</span>
  - icon: 🔐
    title: No keys!
    details: Qwen-mcp-tool does not require any extra keys.
  - icon: 🚦
    title: Model Selection
    details: Choose from Qwen-Plus and Qwen-Turbo, using natural language.
  - icon: 💻
    title: Enhanced Programming Capabilities
    details: |
      <span class="diff-line diff-add">Code generation, review, refactoring, and explanation</span><br>
      <span class="diff-line diff-add">Supercharged with Qwen Code's programming expertise</span>

---

<div class="explore-hint" style="text-align: center; margin: 32px 0 48px; position: relative;">
  <div class="explore-dots" style="display: inline-flex; align-items: center; gap: 4px;">
    <span class="dot" style="font-size: 11px; letter-spacing: 0.5px; color: var(--vp-c-text-3); opacity: 0.8; transition: all 0.3s ease;">•</span>
    <span class="dot" style="font-size: 11px; letter-spacing: 0.5px; color: var(--vp-c-text-3); opacity: 0.8; transition: all 0.3s ease; transition-delay: 0.1s;">•</span>
    <span class="dot" style="font-size: 11px; letter-spacing: 0.5px; color: var(--vp-c-text-3); opacity: 0.8; transition: all 0.3s ease; transition-delay: 0.2s;">•</span>
  </div>
  <p class="explore-text" style="font-size: 13px; color: var(--vp-c-text-3); margin-top: 8px; opacity: 0.7; transition: all 0.3s ease;">
    And much more to explore
  </p>
</div>

<div style="margin-top: 48px;">

## Quick Start
</div>

For installation and setup instructions, please refer to our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/jamubc/qwen-mcp-tool#readme) which contains the most up-to-date installation guide.
